# CSC309
1on1 is the project's title that you will implement for this course. It is a scheduling Website where users can get help setting their regular 1:1 meetings with a set of people. More details will follow in the upcoming sections below.

The project is divided into three phases. In phase 1, you will implement the static version of 1on1 as a presentable demo where users can navigate and see the features. However, it is not connected on the backend or frontend to a server. In phase 2, you will use Django and REST to implement the APIs, and, finally, in phase 3, you finalize the website using React JS. The eventual outcome of this project is a fully-functional website that meets the user stories listed in an upcoming section.

The project is handed out from the stakeholder's point of view. That is, imagine you are a team of freelance developers and some clients have hired you for this project. Therefore, the requirements are described in a non-technical way, and it is your job to design and implement the web application that meets them. There is much room for creativity, and you have some freedom with respect to the details and various tools you can use for this project. In fact, there are very few general limitations. The only restriction is that you will have to use Django, REST, and React. Besides these, you can utilize online packages, libraries, or open-source codes to improve your Website, e.g., you may want to use a CSS framework such as Bootstrap. or Tailwind CSS.
